let's recap the latest in the war on
Gaza Israeli air strikes have killed at
least
2,450 Palestinians since last Saturday
at least a quarter of them were children
the Israeli military has killed more
Palestinians in 8 days than it did in 51
days of War on Gaza in
2014 the number of Israelis killed in
hamas's military operation stands at400
including 289 soldiers Israel has
ordered 1.1 million Palestinians in
Northern Gaza to move South as the
military prepares for a wide ranging
Land Air and sea
Invasion Elder is a political analyst
joining us from Tel Aviv uh thank you
very much for joining us on Al jazer
first of all what has been the reaction
in Israel to the
2,450 Palestinian civilians that have
been killed so far in
Gaza um Tom I I can just uh give you a
taste of the reaction in Israel to
people who Dar to mention the
Palestinian victims um a renowned
Israeli Chef AAL Shani wrote a post
begging nanyu to help the uh babies in
incubators in Gaza to help them to get
out uh after he got so much hate Mill
and he was labeled a traitor he had to
remove this post from the social media
the uh Israeli public opinion is still
mourning the victims of the massacre uh
comparing this to the to the Holocaust
to
genocide um any politician even from the
left doesn't dare now to talk against ER
an attack on on Gaza and uh about human
crisis in Gaza and this is going to
change I believe in the next few days
after the international media the
international uh public opinion is going
to change and Israel will be uh will
turn from a victim to the aggressor so
you're basically saying that the anger
and hatred is so strong in Israel you
can't even mention uh Palestinian
civilians that have been killed is that
right yeah absolutely uh there are
couple of uh Brave journalist sites just
gidon Levy in
AR I can count them on one hand I wrote
an article today in AR saying that what
Israel needs is a peace cabinet rather
than a war cabinet and mentioning the AR
peace initiative that was uh endorsed
again in in jeda a few months ago and uh
uh people you should see the uh reaction
the talkbacks I'm getting um you know
there was a journalist today who was
praying for the recovery of uh civilians
both in Israel and in Gaza and he had uh
to be helped out from his house by the
police since he was harassed uh by
rightwing gangsters W the the the
Israeli emotions are are very clear that
there is no room for peace now uh the
Hamas is not looking for a two-state
solution for
Independence uh they are equal to to
Isis and Israel on top of this has got a
full clearance from theal International
Community and F first and foremost for
the United States to do what it takes in
order to remove Hamas from us and even
if this means uh I I would even say
crime against humanity um the United
States is looking at the Hamas and nowah
as
the aggressors the ultimate aggressors
and Israel has the right to defend
itself this is the message that the
Israeli public is getting yeah well G
given all of that and the fact that
we've seen Netanyahu build the
expectations and the case for war over
the last few days I mean do do Israel's
do do Israelis want to see a full
invasion of
Gaza yeah uh and this uh is uh really
connected to your previous
question Tom uh look previously in the
previous rounds of uh escalation
aggression in Gaza the U uh option of
ground
Invasion uh was just in very
marginal uh corners of the Israeli
public opinion and the experts now it's
the opposite uh for the first time there
is a consensus among the Israeli former
generals who are many of them were
protesting against Netanyahu just a few
weeks ago and now the uh I I think that
uh people are giving up the uh rational
thinking and the thinking about what
will happen the day after the ground
Invasion what happens after Israel goes
back to Gaza do we want to build more
settlements in Gaza uh like we did until
2005 nobody is really getting answers to
uh the question what will happen the day
after we don't want to build a military
government we don't H want to uh take
the full responsibility of uh the uh two
million people civilians Education
Health Care you name it um so we have to
uh think about you know the the
International Community is not going to
uh
tolerate uh more aggression uh after
what is happening now with uh pushing to
another nakba we call it nakba number
two what happened in 48 cannot happen
again right I mean we've seen protests I
believe uh they were yesterday against
Netanyahu from family members Israeli
family members that uh had uh families
held captive by Hamas I mean how deep is
the anger towards him and is there blame
uh towards him and the government for
allowing Hamas uh to I guess embarrass
Israel uh like they did on
Saturday yeah um there are more and more
Israeli who are demanding to release the
Israeli hostages just Tom remember how
many
Palestinian prisoners including
murderers were released for one Israeli
soldier who was held by the Islamic
Jihad gilad Shalit the whole country was
busy in demonstrating and protesting and
demanding his release now think about
maybe more than 100 Israelis including
old people who cannot survive without
their medication there are people who
are 84 85 years old there are babies
there and of course there is a growing
pressure on the government the problem
is that uh unlike in the the former
rounds of uh aggression Israel was
willing to
negotiate uh through uh German
negotiators facilitators through Egypt
as far as I understand now nobody wants
to talk to us Kamas is saying first of
all Israel has to stop the air raid and
uh to agree to ceasefire which Israel is
not willing to hear about and there is
and this is the Paradox on one hand
Netanyahu doesn't have legitimacy he
lost his legitimacy yeah see people are
accusing him for the war on the other
hand people trust him that he knows what
he's doing which I don't okay well thank
you so much for your time and your
inside that is AA Elder a political
analyst in Tel
Aviv thank you